["Prelude/Angry
Young Man" playing]
- [swimmers laughing. whooping]
- [water splashing]
- [snoring]
- [neighbor] Now we're talking.
- [whispering] Derek. Derek.
- [swimmer] Nice. Wow. crazy.
- [neighbor] Nice one.
- [swimmer 2] So warm.
- Are you awake?
- [neighbor] Now you.
It's your turn.
- [splashing continues]
- [swimmer 2] Please? Please?
- [Liz] I did it last time.
- [snoring continues. louder]
- Are you faking?
- [neighbor] Watch your head.
- Can't you just do it?
- Oh. my God.
- Love you.
- [neighbor] Oh. yeah.
- [Liz] Stupid head.
- [chuckles]
Missed me.
- [swimmers laughing. whooping]
- [water splashing]
["Prelude/Angry Young Man"
continues on speakers]
[neighbor] Ooh. Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
[laughing]
Jimmy! Jimmy!
Hey. Liz. I'm just
playing some air piano.
How are you doing?
Oh. I'm great. thanks. What
the fuck's wrong with you?
- It's late. isn't it?
- It's 3:00 in the morning.
I'm sorry. That's
awful. I'm awful.
We're gonna keep it down.
I'm gonna tell them.
- Hey. we're gonna be quiet.
- [swimmer 2] Okay. Whatever.
What's in the bowl. Jimmy?
- Just pretzels.
- The other bowl.
- It's Adderall.
- Oh.
- Maybe... Maybe some painkillers.
- Maybe?
Yeah. there's definitely painkillers.
You know what? I'm gonna turn this down.
Turn the music off.
I'm gonna turn off the
music. That's what I said.
[music stops]
- [groans]
- No.
I know. I know. Billy Joel's the
king. but we have to be respectful.
- [mutters]
- [imitates baby crying]
- Where's Alice?
- [Jimmy] Shh.
She's up... She's sleeping.
Really? I have to be quiet?
Who are these girls. Jimmy?
[swimmers chattering]
Those are my friends. [sighs]
- Are they hookers?
- I don't think so.
Did you pay them money?
Not yet.
Uh. hey. ladies. come here.
I want you to meet my friend.
Oh. Their bathing suits look like
underwear. but they're bathing suits.
Good to know.
Hi. I'm Kiara. What's your name?
- Let's not worry about it.
- That's... This is Liz.
And Liz. this is…
- Sarah.
- …Sarah.
Okay.
- We're gonna... We're gonna pack it up.
- Okay.
Hey. let's pack it up. Liz
wants us to pack it up.
- [both] Good night. Liz.
- Good night. Kiara. Good night…
- Sarah.
- …Sarah.
[Kiara. Sarah laughing]
Good night. Jimmy.
Hey. Liz?
Um. I'm... I'm sorry.
I know.
[sighs. muttering]
Okay. Let's go.
- Bye.
- [Kiara] Bye. Jimmy.
- [Sarah] Bye.
- That was really fun.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- [door closes]
- [bottles clinking]
Hey. [sighs]
You're up early today.
Thank you.
Here are your overnight oats.
[Jimmy] Mmm.
Sorry if I. uh. kept
you up last night.
Alice?
Same old shit. bro.
"Bro"? [scoffs]
Liz is giving me a ride.
Oh. Hey. would you
tell her... Okay. bye.
[breathing shakily]
[door opens. closes]
["Unconditional I
(Lookout Kid)" playing]
[engine revs. stalls]
F...
Oh! [grunts]
Fuck!
- Get the fuck out of the way!
- Suck my dick!
[song continues]
Wow. Are you okay?
[song ends]
Yeah. [breathing
heavily] Sorry I'm late.
Steven. what's on
your mind today?
["Frightening Fishes" by
Benjamin Gibbard playing]
[grunts] Excuse me. Sup. Jimmy?
Hey. Gaby.
[sighs] What's. uh...
What's going on now?
It's my mother.
Again.
Just once. I want to make
it through one whole day
without someone aggressively trying
to… [huffs] …make my life harder.
It's just that. like. every time
I get rid of one compulsion.
another compulsion comes
up. you know? [scoffs]
Why am I always going out
with the superficial girls?
I... I can't... I can't
connect with them.
This time. it was my fault. [sighs]
I left my sunglasses at the store.
And he was. like. so
mad we had to go back.
Fucking barista. Don't
ask me to spell "Dan."
Turns out they weren't
at the store. [sighs]
They were just on my head.
Am I just gonna be alone?
Am I just gonna be. like. a
very successful man on my own?
I can't not bite my
nails if they're uneven.
And how are they never gonna be
even all the way? That's insane.
…who's kind.
someone who's smart.
When I was growing
up. I was her joy boy.
I mean. they gotta be hot.
But she's just such a bitch
sometimes. it kills me.
How does that make you feel?
- Like I'm stuck.
- Stuck.
- I feel stuck.
- I am not a joy boy.
[patient 3] It's like I'm
caught in this loop forever.
- [patient 2] I've given up being happy.
- [patients' overlapping chatter]
[patient 1] We both know
this shit isn't gonna work.
[overlapping chatter continues]
- [overlapping chatter stops]
- [breathing shakily]
And he just kept on going on
and on about how dumb I am.
You're not dumb. Grace.
He said if it weren't for my great tits.
no one would wanna take care of me.
so… [clicks tongue]
…that's almost nice.
- It's not nice.
- I know. but he loves me.
Enough! Grace. we've been
doing this for two years.
Two years of your life.
I have never seen
a guy tell a woman
that she is dumb and
lucky she has great tits
and thought to myself. "Wow.
they must really be in love."
And you keep telling me how
great he is. Well. I saw him.
He's not that great.
His muscles are too big.
His shirts are too tight.
Nobody likes that. It's gross.
And what's the word? What's
that word? What's the word?
I don't know what word
you're talking about.
Fugly! He's fugly.
He's a fugly. fugly man.
Fugly inside and out.
I'm sorry. I don't
know what's happening.
'Cause I was talking and...
Grace. your husband is
emotionally abusive.
He's not working on it.
He doesn't intend to.
He's made you think it's
all you deserve. It's not.
Just fucking leave him.
It's not that easy. [chuckles]
It is that easy. You
don't have any kids.
Just go... go to your
sister's in Vancouver.
But then...
Leave him or I'm done
being your therapist.
[scoffs]
- Look...
- Okay.
Okay.
[door opens. closes]
[scatting]
♪ Gonna drink it up
'Cause I'm so thirsty ♪
Something on your mind. Paul?
- That's too much water.
- Okay. look at me.
This skin is DAF. Dewy as fuck.
If I drink one of these a day.
all my migraines are gone.
my bad knee is now my good knee.
I'm nicer to my friends and family.
You gotta get on board. Do you know
what percentage of yourself is water?
I know what percentage of
me doesn't give a shit.
Okay. well. that's the
dehydration talking.
[slurping]
- Hey.
- Hey. kid. [sighs]
- How are you doing?
- I'm normal. you know?
[inhales sharply] Just a
normal day. normal day.
Doing it... [sighs] Doing it normal
style. You know what I was thinking. Paul?
Is it about how you're
just doing it normal style?
What? What are you thinking?
You guys ever get so
mad at your patients
that all of a sudden.
you just wanna… [mutters]
…like. shake 'em?
Well. we don't shake 'em.
No. I know. I know. I-I...
I'm rooting for 'em.
I am. I'm like.
"Come on. you fucked-up
person. You can change."
And then… [sighs]
…they just never do.
Compassion fatigue. [sighs]
We all hit those walls.
Yeah.
You ask questions. you listen.
you stay nonjudgmental.
and you don't make that face.
Sorry. It's just... Look.
we know what they should do.
Know why? 'Cause it's
pretty fucking simple.
"I get sad when I do this thing."
Maybe don't do that fucking thing.
We know the answer.
Don't you ever wanna
just... Just make 'em do it?
Great idea. We just rob
'em of their autonomy.
any chance they have to
help themselves. right?
And we become. what.
psychological vigilantes?
[laughs] Oh. my God.
I'm. like. sensing the sarcasm.
but that sounds kinda badass.
What did you do?
[scoffs] I didn't do... I
didn't... I didn't do anything.
Ooh. you're gonna
get it. [chuckles]
Don't say. "Ooh."
Look. I'm stuck.
I'm s... That's it. I'm just
trying to shake things up.
Thought I would talk
about it with you guys.
Ran out of time. so I have to
go because I have a patient.
- You don't have a watch on.
- Fuck you. Gaby.
- Okay.
- And I hope everybody has a great day
because I'm gonna go handle
this one by the book.
- [slurping]
- [sighs]
[Paul mutters]
You know. Virginia Woolf
tried to drown herself too.
[clicks tongue] Come on. Paul.
[sighs] Fuck it.
[Gaby] Hey. J-Bone.
[chuckles] Where are you going?
Uh. I was actually
heading home. [sighs]
It has not been my best day.
so I'm gonna take a bath.
I moved a TV in there
so I can watch movies.
That's cool. You
living the dream.
- I love that for you. Um…
- It's. um. pretty awesome. Yeah.
So. I need to ditch a
referral on you. okay?
This is easy-peasy.
Young soldier. worked overseas.
was discharged six months ago.
He does keep getting busted for assault.
and his parents are very worried.
- That's not easy-peasy.
- Come on.
I saw. like. a thousand patients today.
and I cover for you all the time.
I'm really pretty psyched
for my bath movie.
I've never seen the
original Home Alone.
Are you gonna keep staring
until I do the right thing?
- [sighs] Fine.
- [laughs] Yeah.
- [imitates screaming]
- What are you doing?
[chuckles] Right.
You'll get that later.
[chuckles] You're
gonna love it. dude.
- [Jimmy sniffles] Sean.
- [papers rustling]
Sorry. there's a lot of papers.
Uh. why don't. uh. we start by you
telling me why you think you're here?
Bar fight. court-ordered anger
management. blah. blah. blah.
So. it's... That
was three "blahs"?
What happened exactly?
Same as always.
Somebody got in my face.
- I wasn't having it.
- Mmm.
He bumped my shoulder.
like "fuck you."
So he said. "Fuck you"?
- Well. he didn't say it.
- Got it.
So it was more of an implied
"fuck you." I hate those.
- You doing one of those right now?
- Maybe.
Okay.
Look. man. it's really
not that big of a deal.
I got into a couple bar fights.
They called the police and...
- Are you yawning? Did you just yawn?
- Ah. No.
- The fuck am I even doing here. man?
- Okay. look. I was yawn... I was yawning.
I'm sorry. It's not because of
you or because of your story.
Please go on.
Whatever. man. Can I go?
Yeah. Of course.
[sighs]
- [door opens]
- I'm sorry.
Fuck!
Hello?
[TV sports commentators
chattering]
[Jimmy] Oh. Jesus.
Tia. This is so gross.
You have a problem.
You know that?
I had a long day.
This relaxes me.
You know. for the record. I
can take any one of these guys.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah. 'cause if there's no rules.
I'm gonna pinch.
Don't. Do not pinch me.
Stop. Stay where you are.
There's... [laughs] No
pinching. Don't... Don't do it.
- [Tia laughing] Stop.
- I'm not gonna do... Pinch!
[Tia laughing.
chattering] Okay. okay.
["Mid Air" playing]
- [Jimmy grunting] I'm so strong!
- [Tia laughing]
- Think I heard a rib crack.
- Oh. no.
- Jimmy!
- Whoa.
- Oh. yeah.
- Oh. my God.
- Got you now. What you gonna do?
- [grunts. breathing heavily]
[song continues]
[sighs]
- [Jimmy] Hi.
- Hi.
[song ends]
[car door closes]
[Liz. Alice
chattering. indistinct]
- [Liz] How steep is it?
- [Alice] The hill?
- [Alice] Steep.
- [Liz] Really?
[Alice] Yeah. it's pretty
steep. And then they cliff jump.
[chattering continues]
[twigs snapping]
[Jimmy] Ow. Fuck. Release me.
Hello.
- You're in my bushes.
- They're really well-kept.
Is it topiary? Is that
what that's called?
I don't fucking know.
Jimmy. Some guy does 'em.
[sighs] How's Alice doing?
[Liz] You okay. Alice?
She's fine. She's fed.
She did her homework.
- She just had soccer practice.
- Soccer started?
Yeah. soccer started.
and she's killing it.
Oh.
I'm sorry. I... I have to
ask. is this you forever?
I don't know.
[sighs] All right.
You haven't eaten. Let
me make you a plate.
What are you doing? Go
to the fucking door!
- Oh. my God.
- [Jimmy] Okay. I'm kinda stuck.
Alice. hey. How was
your day? Was it...
- [fingers snap]
- Talk more later.
Thank you.
- Is this all white meat or...
- Seriously?
- Doesn't matter. Love it.
- Jimmy. Alice is amazing.
And before you know it.
she's gonna be gone to
college. and you're gonna wish
you hadn't screwed it up so bad
that she never wants to come home.
- I think I may have already done that.
- Ah. well. fuck it then.
Get back in the game. dude.
Come on.
[car door closes]
- Jimmy.
- [Jimmy] Hey. Derek.
Thought that I was done raising
kids. so thanks for that.
You're welcome. Hey. Derek.
you're gonna love dinner.
- It's amazing.
- If there's any left.
[Derek laughs]
[Paul. on phone] I support
trying to connect with Alice.
Don't force it. It won't work.
I don't know. She loves omelets.
so I... I think it might work.
[Paul] Feel free to call me
first thing in the morning
and tell me I'm wrong.
It's what I live for.
I do appreciate...
Yeah... Oh. no. okay.
I have to go. Bye.
- [line beeping]
- Dipshit. [sighs]
Hey. you got. uh. early practice?
For the soccer that started?
Weight room.
Weight room. Don't have to
tell me about the weight room.
[imitates pistons]
Cool. Hey. I'm making you an omelet
because exercise needs protein.
I'm happy with my oats.
This is almost done.
[Alice] Bye.
- I'm glad you came back.
- I didn't have a choice.
I told my dad that
you suck balls.
but my mom said she didn't
know what else to do
and started crying again.
So here the fuck I am.
You're right. Last time you were
here. I... I did... I sucked.
[claps]
I sucked. uh... I
sucked on balls.
But I want you to know I'm
normally very good at this.
[cell phone ringing]
That should be off. I'm
sorry. [clears throat. sighs]
[ringing continues]
- I have to take this.
- Of course you fucking do.
Grace. hi.
I-I did it. I left him.
I'm at my sister's.
I am so... I am so proud of you.
Listen. I can't talk right now
because I'm... I'm with a patient.
Yeah. he's sorta.
uh. mean-mugging me.
"Mean-mugging"? What
the fuck am I. Ice Cube?
- I'm gonna call you back. I promise.
- Okay.
I just... Thank you. Jimmy.
Okay. bye.
[inhales deeply] Hell
yes. motherfucker.
Huh?
That's someone I helped. Okay?
I helped the shit out of her.
Okay. What the fuck
you telling me for?
I'm telling you because I'd like
you to give me another shot.
Okay. look. I'm
gonna level with you.
Last time you were here. I was
probably a little high. And drunk.
From the night before. I've
been going through some shit.
But look. Sean. you and I.
we have to talk about this.
This is not somebody who got into
a no-big-deal bar fight with you.
This is somebody you kept
hitting over and over.
even after they
were unconscious.
Is that right?
Yeah. that's right.
Well. what sets you off?
[breathes deeply]
Anything. Everything.
Somebody bumping me.
Somebody saying some shit.
Somebody breathing wrong.
When it happens. I just snap.
And then everything goes white.
I don't even know what the fuck
happened until it's all over.
[sighs]
Can... [sighs]
Can you make it stop?
I don't know. [chuckles]
What the fuck am I doing here?
You trust me. Sean?
- Fuck no.
- Doesn't matter.
I'm a psychological vigilante.
You a what?
- Let's go find you someone to beat up.
- Wait. what?
[door opens]
The fuck are you going?
- MMA? You like this shit?
- [fighters chattering]
Me? No. It's... It's
super dangerous.
Hey. my friend Sean
here would like to spar.
[Jimmy] Okay.
Sean. you got this.
Don't let him know we're scared.
Look at... Look at him. Don't look at
me. He's just trying to get in your head.
- [Sean grunts]
- Yes. There you go.
That's it. Get him! Get him!
- [Sean grunting]
- Yeah.
- [Sean groans]
- Oh. fuck. he can use his feet.
He... Sean. he's using his feet.
He's gonna use his feet
the whole time. I bet.
- I know that.
- Use your rage!
He was just really fast.
Like very fast.
I think I had him in
that last round though.
Okay.
If you hold that to your lip.
it's gonna help with the swelling.
Oh.
[sighs] That's nice.
Sean. I read your file.
Your time overseas. it's filled
with trauma and violence.
All that violence is still inside you.
and it keeps finding ways to get out.
What you resist persists.
That's Carl Jung.
I guess I figured if you could
beat the crap out of somebody
who's totally cool with it.
maybe that'll stop you from
kicking the shit out of
anybody who breathes
wrong at a bar someplace.
- [sighs]
- It's all right.
Then we'll start figuring out
what's going on underneath all that.
You think this'll work?
Definitely.
Okay.
Or it'll make your bloodlust stronger.
and you'll become twice as dangerous.
We'll... We'll just have to see.
- The fuck? Bloodlust? Damn.
- [chuckles]
Fuck. Come on. we
gotta get out of here.
Who is that?
[Jimmy] It's my
best friend. Brian.
- Just. please. come with me. Pinch. pinch.
- Okay. I'm coming. Ow!
Man. you know you
pretty fucked up. right?
- No more than you.
- [Sean] That's fair.
[Gaby] You had him
fight people? Really?
You forced a young Black man
to fight a bunch of people
in this cultural atmosphere.
I... I understand
that this is crazy.
but he's starting to trust
me. So. what do you think?
Oh. my God. I think that this water
bottle looks like my water bottle's baby.
- [Gaby laughs]
- Okay.
Hey. do you think Paul would
go for something like this?
I read this article that people with
Parkinson's are more prone to dehydration.
so I think I'm just gonna.
like. put this on his desk.
That's sweet. It's...
It's also very intrusive. which
I-I guess is your trademark.
Aw. Thanks.
Listen. why aren't you
answering my question?
Because the shit with
Sean is so unethical
that I feel like an accomplice
just listening to you.
so I'm gonna focus
on. you know. my shit
and not on whatever
the fuck that is.
I need you to be excited for me.
I do.
It's nice to see you
have your spark back.
But… ruh-roh.
[laughs]
Ruh-roh. Jimmy.
- ["Brighter Days" playing]
- [no audible dialogue]
[mouthing] All right. Come on.
Oh. f...
Whoa.
- [song continues]
- [normal audio resumes]
Checkmate. buddy.
Checkmate. Tap out.
[chuckles]
- [screaming]
- Oh. now I get it.
- Oh. shit.
- [song ends]
Wow. Paul. that's creepy.
Sit down. Jimmy.
[stammers] Is this
gonna be a fun talk?
I just got off the phone
with Sean's father.
He said he came back from your
session with a broken tooth.
So not a fun talk.
Not for you.
I guess one thing
led to another.
Like. there's no way that I'd
make Sean fight cage matches
if I hadn't already forced
Grace to leave her husband.
What? Wait a second.
you... [stammers]
You... What did...
What did you do?
No. no. it's good. She left the
country. She's psyched about it.
I thought I told
you to sit down.
I told you that if I sit down. I'm
gonna feel like I'm in trouble.
You are in trouble.
Paul. I think I can help people if I
just get my hands a little dirtier.
Hey. be me for a second.
Would you trust you?
The answer is no.
Well. you didn't
let me be you. Okay?
Here.
[imitates Paul groaning]
You gotta be kidding.
[imitating Paul] Well. Jimmy. sorry
for always being so hard on ya.
It's only 'cause I love
ya with all my heart.
I don't talk like that.
Look. kid. I'm
worried about you.
I get that. [chuckles]
I... I understand that this
year. I have been. uh. not great.
[chuckles]
I think I'm onto something…
if you'd just let me keep going.
Are you even trying
to be careful? Huh?
Or are you just gonna burn your
career and take me down with you?
Coin flip. [chuckles]
Sorry. Paul. That was a stupid
joke. I get... [stammers] Uh...
Hey. could you just give
me ten seconds of silence
and let me think about this?
Yes. Abs... Of course. Paul.
- That'll give us both a chance to...
- Can we start now?
[breathes deeply]
Was this... This was
open the whole time?
Just shut the fuck up.
Okay.
[sighs]
Get out of here.
Wait. this is my office.
That took you longer
than it should have.
[Jimmy] Whoops.
I don't know what's...
What you want from me.
What makes you happy?
Blue slushies.
Me too.
But seriously. when was the
last time you were happy?
[Sean sighs]
Every time I remember being
happy. I get pissed 'cause…
I see where I'm at now. and
I know that that time is gone
and I ain't getting it back.
[slurping loudly]
Yeah. I know how you feel.
- Fuck you.
- [chuckles] Fuck me.
[Jimmy sighs]
My wife died.
[chuckles]
Yeah. she got... was
killed in a car accident.
[inhales deeply]
Last time I saw her.
we were in a fight.
so it was pretty...
pretty brutal.
Sometimes a really great memory
of her will just sneak up on me.
It's usually like a dumb
little thing. you know?
And when I come
out of it. I just…
It's just so awful
here without her.
But I hope that someday I can. um.
remember her and not feel that way.
- You supposed to be telling me this shit?
- Mm-mmm. Definitely not.
[both laugh]
[phone chimes]
[sighs]
- [Derek] Hey. Jimmy.
- Hey. morning. Derek. How's it going?
- Just walking the dog I didn't want.
- My patient moved into her sister's house.
Sounds like the day's off to
a great start for both of us.
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Too slow.
Hey. she's awake.
I got you fresh blueberries
for your morning oats
because I know you
love your oats.
Even though nobody really loves oats
'cause they taste like wet paper.
We don't have to talk.
Just how about you sit
and enjoy your breakfast?
I'll... I'll face
the other direction.
[zipper opens]
- Hey. have you seen my jersey?
- I have.
[grunts]
I washed it for you.
This isn't enough.
What you're doing.
You've been walking around for so long
acting like it only happened to you.
but it happened to us.
It happened to me.
And I've been dealing with it
on my own because I had to.
So please don't think that blueberries
and washing a shirt is enough
to make me forgive
you for all of that.
[door opens]
You got a problem?
[phone buzzing]
Hey. man.
He shouldn't have bumped me.
Some guy bumped me as I was walking
past. He bumped my shoulder.
- What happened?
- I'll tell you what happened.
I looked at him in his fat
fucking face. and. like. I saw it.
Like. I saw me fucking
him up. It was beautiful.
And then I walked away.
Look. man. I called you 'cause
I wanted to talk. aight?
And you my therapist.
I don't know what to
do with this shit. man.
I'm just... [sighs]
I don't know.
Yes. Yes! Yes!
Two for two. bitches!
- What the fuck are you doing. man?
- I'm celebrating. Sean. this is a victory.
You didn't kill a random
douchebag. That is progress.
Look. hey. it is fine to be
mad. I am mad all the time.
You did it. Come
on. let's celebrate.
- You wanna jump up and down?
- No. No.
- Or you wanna chest bump?
- Nah. I'm good. [laughs]
Come on.
Yeah. Okay. great.
[imitates explosion]
- [imitates explosion. chuckles]
- Yes! You hungry? I'm hungry.
- You are batshit fucking crazy. man.
- Come on. No. man. I'm just pumped.
- Wanna get some dinner?
- Sure.
Don't you have to feed your kid?
Yeah. she's. um... [smacks lips]
She's actually got a soccer game.
Well. how come you
ain't over there?
Shit. is it 'cause I called you?
No. it's 'cause. uh...
It's 'cause I'm awful.
Fuck that. Let's go.
Okay.
- [horn honks]
- Come on.
[horns honking]
Goddamn it. We're not gonna
make it. It starts in ten.
Why is there so much traffic?
Is this 'cause of the game?
Yes. this is because of a high
school girls' soccer game.
- All right.
- [honking continues]
Excuse me. Excuse me.
- [horns honking]
- Sean. brace yourself.
- [Jimmy panting]
- [pedestrian] Hey! Hey!
It's only two miles
away. Let's just hoof it.
You're just gonna
leave your car here?
I'm a white guy in Pasadena.
The cops will probably just take it
back to my house for me. Come on.
Must be nice.
Try to keep up!
["Get Closer" playing]
I'm right behind you!
[grunting. straining]
You got it.
[grunts] Okay. Okay.
What now? My leg.
[grunts]
Oh. my nuts. That hurts my nuts.
Okay. [grunts]
[song continues]
[panting]
[roars]
[Jimmy panting]
Nope.
We are almost there. You see
that? That's where we're going.
You can do this.
Who can do this?
- Just fucking go. man.
- Aight. man. Follow me. Come on.
[song continues]
[Jimmy grunting. panting]
[groaning]
- [Sean] Dude!
- [groans] I can't do it.
I haven't exercised in
a year. She won't care.
[Sean] Yes. she will.
[Sean panting]
Take my hand.
- [grunting]
- You ready?
- Okay.
- [Sean] Let's finish this. You got it.
- [grunting]
- Here we go. Made it.
I'll take your word for
it. I'm hallucinating.
[players. spectators clamoring]
- Hi. did I miss anything?
- It just started.
Okay. We just started.
We're good. It just started.
I'm here! I'm here.
Whoo-hoo! Yes!
- [Jimmy] Whoo!
- [spectators cheering. applauding]
- Okay. Yeah.
- See that?
Go. Alice!
[cheering. applauding continue]
Whoo! Go on. Alice!
- She's good. man. Yeah.
- Yeah. she is.
She's a good kid.
[song fades]
[spectators clapping. clamoring]
[Jimmy] Hey. man.
You fucking told my
wife to leave me?
That's what I pay you for?
- [both grunt]
- [spectators gasping]
[grunting. panting]
[Grace's spouse] Stay
down. motherfucker.
You wanna fucking go?
- [spectators clamoring]
- Sean? Sean. I'm okay.
[grunting. shouts]
Sean. Sean. n-no. no. no. He's
down. Sean. Sean. walk away.
- Please. I'm fine. Sean.
- You fucking...
- [Sean grunting]
- [Jimmy] Please. he's had enough. Stop.
Somebody help!
- Hey. somebody help! Hey!
- Fuck off! Get off me!
[police radio chatter]
- I didn't start that fight.
- All right. Let's go. Watch your head.
[EMT speaks. indistinct]
["Endangered Birds" playing]
Hey.
Thanks for coming to my game.
I would've come
sooner. you know.
It's just. uh…
Yeah. you look so much
like your mom. [sighs]
[song continues]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm